components/director/examples/README.md, before:

<!-- File generated by example-index-generator, DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Examples

Below you can find a list of mock GraphQL queries and mutations:
- [add api definition to bundle](./add-api-definition-to-bundle/add-api-definition-to-bundle.graphql)
- [add bundle](./add-bundle/add-bundle.graphql)
- [add document to bundle](./add-document-to-bundle/add-document-to-bundle.graphql)
- [add event definition to bundle](./add-event-definition-to-bundle/add-event-definition-to-bundle.graphql)
- [add application template webhook](./add-webhook/add-application-template-webhook.graphql)
- [add application webhook](./add-webhook/add-application-webhook.graphql)
- [add runtime webhook](./add-webhook/add-runtime-webhook.graphql)
- [assign application to formation](./assign-formation/assign-application-to-formation.graphql)
- [assign runtime context to formation](./assign-formation/assign-runtime-context-to-formation.graphql)
- [assign runtime to formation](./assign-formation/assign-runtime-to-formation.graphql)
- [assign tenant to formation](./assign-formation/assign-tenant-to-formation.graphql)
- [create application template](./create-application-template/create-application-template.graphql)
- [create automatic scenario assignment](./create-automatic-scenario-assignment/create-automatic-scenario-assignment.graphql)
- [create formation](./create-formation/create-formation.graphql)
- [create formation template](./create-formation-template/create-formation-template.graphql)
- [create label definition](./create-label-definition/create-label-definition.graphql)
- [delete api definition](./delete-api-definition/delete-api-definition.graphql)
- [delete application label](./delete-application-label/delete-application-label.graphql)
- [delete application template](./delete-application-template/delete-application-template.graphql)
- [delete automatic scenario assignment for scenario](./delete-automatic-scenario-assignment-for-scenario/delete-automatic-scenario-assignment-for-scenario.graphql)
- [delete automatic scenario assignments for selector](./delete-automatic-scenario-assignments-for-selector/delete-automatic-scenario-assignments-for-selector.graphql)
- [delete bundle](./delete-bundle/delete-bundle.graphql)
- [delete bundle instance auth](./delete-bundle-instance-auth/delete-bundle-instance-auth.graphql)
- [delete document](./delete-document/delete-document.graphql)
- [delete event definition](./delete-event-definition/delete-event-definition.graphql)
- [delete formation](./delete-formation/delete-formation.graphql)
- [delete formation template](./delete-formation-template/delete-formation-template.graphql)
- [delete runtime context](./delete-runtime-context/delete-runtime-context.graphql)
- [delete webhook](./delete-webhook/delete-webhook.graphql)
- [delete default eventing for application](./eventing/delete-default-eventing-for-application.graphql)
- [set default eventing for application](./eventing/set-default-eventing-for-application.graphql)
- [merge applications](./merge-applications/merge-applications.graphql)
- [merge applications with self register distinguish label key](./merge-applications-with-self-register-distinguish-label-key/merge-applications-with-self-register-distinguish-label-key.graphql)
- [query api definition](./query-api-definition/query-api-definition.graphql)
- [query api definitions](./query-api-definitions/query-api-definitions.graphql)
- [query application](./query-application/query-application.graphql)
- [query application template](./query-application-template/query-application-template.graphql)
- [query application templates](./query-application-templates/query-application-templates.graphql)
- [query applications with label filter](./query-applications/query-applications-with-label-filter.graphql)
- [query applications](./query-applications/query-applications.graphql)
- [query applications for runtime](./query-applications-for-runtime/query-applications-for-runtime.graphql)
- [query automatic scenario assignment for scenario](./query-automatic-scenario-assignment-for-scenario/query-automatic-scenario-assignment-for-scenario.graphql)
- [query automatic scenario assignments](./query-automatic-scenario-assignments/query-automatic-scenario-assignments.graphql)
- [query automatic scenario assignments for selector](./query-automatic-scenario-assignments-for-selector/query-automatic-scenario-assignments-for-selector.graphql)
- [query bundle](./query-bundle/query-bundle.graphql)
- [query bundles](./query-bundles/query-bundles.graphql)
- [query document](./query-document/query-document.graphql)
- [query documents](./query-documents/query-documents.graphql)
- [query event definition](./query-event-definition/query-event-definition.graphql)
- [query event definitions](./query-event-definitions/query-event-definitions.graphql)
- [query formation](./query-formation/query-formation.graphql)
- [query formation template](./query-formation-template/query-formation-template.graphql)
- [query formation templates](./query-formation-templates/query-formation-templates.graphql)
- [query formations](./query-formations/query-formations.graphql)
- [query integration system](./query-integration-system/query-integration-system.graphql)
- [query integration systems](./query-integration-systems/query-integration-systems.graphql)
- [query label definition](./query-label-definition/query-label-definition.graphql)
- [query runtime](./query-runtime/query-runtime.graphql)
- [query runtime contexts](./query-runtime-contexts/query-runtime-contexts.graphql)
- [query runtimecontext](./query-runtimecontext/query-runtimecontext.graphql)
- [query runtimes with label filter](./query-runtimes/query-runtimes-with-label-filter.graphql)
- [query runtimes with pagination](./query-runtimes/query-runtimes-with-pagination.graphql)
- [query runtimes](./query-runtimes/query-runtimes.graphql)
- [query tenants](./query-tenants/query-tenants.graphql)
- [refetch api spec](./refetch-api-spec/refetch-api-spec.graphql)
- [register application with bundles](./register-application/register-application-with-bundles.graphql)
- [register application with status](./register-application/register-application-with-status.graphql)
- [register application with webhooks](./register-application/register-application-with-webhooks.graphql)
- [register application](./register-application/register-application.graphql)
- [register application from template](./register-application-from-template/register-application-from-template.graphql)
- [register integration system](./register-integration-system/register-integration-system.graphql)
- [register runtime with webhooks](./register-runtime/register-runtime-with-webhooks.graphql)
- [register runtime](./register-runtime/register-runtime.graphql)
- [register runtime context](./register-runtime-context/register-runtime-context.graphql)
- [request bundle instance auth creation](./request-bundle-instance-auth-creation/request-bundle-instance-auth-creation.graphql)
- [request bundle instance auth deletion](./request-bundle-instance-auth-deletion/request-bundle-instance-auth-deletion.graphql)
- [set application label](./set-application-label/set-application-label.graphql)
- [set bundle instance auth](./set-bundle-instance-auth/set-bundle-instance-auth.graphql)
- [unassign application from formation](./unassign-formation/unassign-application-from-formation.graphql)
- [unassign runtime context from formation](./unassign-formation/unassign-runtime-context-from-formation.graphql)
- [unassign runtime from formation](./unassign-formation/unassign-runtime-from-formation.graphql)
- [unassign tenant from formation](./unassign-formation/unassign-tenant-from-formation.graphql)
- [unpair application](./unpair-application/unpair-application.graphql)
- [unregister application](./unregister-application/unregister-application.graphql)
- [unregister integration system](./unregister-integration-system/unregister-integration-system.graphql)
- [unregister runtime](./unregister-runtime/unregister-runtime.graphql)
- [update api definition](./update-api-definition/update-api-definition.graphql)
- [update application](./update-application/update-application.graphql)
- [update application template](./update-application-template/update-application-template.graphql)
- [update bundle](./update-bundle/update-bundle.graphql)
- [update event definition](./update-event-definition/update-event-definition.graphql)
- [update formation template](./update-formation-template/update-formation-template.graphql)
- [update integration system](./update-integration-system/update-integration-system.graphql)
- [update label definition](./update-label-definition/update-label-definition.graphql)
- [update runtime](./update-runtime/update-runtime.graphql)
- [update runtime context](./update-runtime-context/update-runtime-context.graphql)
- [update webhook](./update-webhook/update-webhook.graphql)

Commit message:

[CMP-2799] Add placeholders to AppTmpl (#2741)
* [CMP-2799] Add placeholders to AppTmpl

* Update values.yaml

* Tidy

* Adjust e2e test to AppTmpl change

* Update fields

* Lint errors

* Remove unused operation

* Generate

* Tidy

* Adjust director version used in tests

* Add jsonPath to samples

* Add validation rule and test

* Parse payload and adjust unit tests

* Improve grapqlizer

* Improve grapqlizer

* E2E test added

* Add sample

* Remove commented code

* Update director in all components - Pass 1

* Update director in all components - Pass 2

* Update director in all components - Pass 3

* Update director in all components - Pass 4

* Update director in all components - Pass 5

* Update director in all components - Pass 6

* Tidy

components/director/examples/README.md, after:

<!-- File generated by example-index-generator, DO NOT EDIT. -->
# Examples

Below you can find a list of mock GraphQL queries and mutations:
- [add api definition to bundle](./add-api-definition-to-bundle/add-api-definition-to-bundle.graphql)
- [add bundle](./add-bundle/add-bundle.graphql)
- [add document to bundle](./add-document-to-bundle/add-document-to-bundle.graphql)
- [add event definition to bundle](./add-event-definition-to-bundle/add-event-definition-to-bundle.graphql)
- [add application template webhook](./add-webhook/add-application-template-webhook.graphql)
- [add application webhook](./add-webhook/add-application-webhook.graphql)
- [add runtime webhook](./add-webhook/add-runtime-webhook.graphql)
- [assign application to formation](./assign-formation/assign-application-to-formation.graphql)
- [assign runtime context to formation](./assign-formation/assign-runtime-context-to-formation.graphql)
- [assign runtime to formation](./assign-formation/assign-runtime-to-formation.graphql)
- [assign tenant to formation](./assign-formation/assign-tenant-to-formation.graphql)
- [create application template](./create-application-template/create-application-template.graphql)
- [create automatic scenario assignment](./create-automatic-scenario-assignment/create-automatic-scenario-assignment.graphql)
- [create formation](./create-formation/create-formation.graphql)
- [create formation template](./create-formation-template/create-formation-template.graphql)
- [create label definition](./create-label-definition/create-label-definition.graphql)
- [delete api definition](./delete-api-definition/delete-api-definition.graphql)
- [delete application label](./delete-application-label/delete-application-label.graphql)
- [delete application template](./delete-application-template/delete-application-template.graphql)
- [delete automatic scenario assignment for scenario](./delete-automatic-scenario-assignment-for-scenario/delete-automatic-scenario-assignment-for-scenario.graphql)
- [delete automatic scenario assignments for selector](./delete-automatic-scenario-assignments-for-selector/delete-automatic-scenario-assignments-for-selector.graphql)
- [delete bundle](./delete-bundle/delete-bundle.graphql)
- [delete bundle instance auth](./delete-bundle-instance-auth/delete-bundle-instance-auth.graphql)
- [delete document](./delete-document/delete-document.graphql)
- [delete event definition](./delete-event-definition/delete-event-definition.graphql)
- [delete formation](./delete-formation/delete-formation.graphql)
- [delete formation template](./delete-formation-template/delete-formation-template.graphql)
- [delete runtime context](./delete-runtime-context/delete-runtime-context.graphql)
- [delete webhook](./delete-webhook/delete-webhook.graphql)
- [delete default eventing for application](./eventing/delete-default-eventing-for-application.graphql)
- [set default eventing for application](./eventing/set-default-eventing-for-application.graphql)
- [merge applications](./merge-applications/merge-applications.graphql)
- [merge applications with self register distinguish label key](./merge-applications-with-self-register-distinguish-label-key/merge-applications-with-self-register-distinguish-label-key.graphql)
- [query api definition](./query-api-definition/query-api-definition.graphql)
- [query api definitions](./query-api-definitions/query-api-definitions.graphql)
- [query application](./query-application/query-application.graphql)
- [query application template](./query-application-template/query-application-template.graphql)
- [query application templates](./query-application-templates/query-application-templates.graphql)
- [query applications with label filter](./query-applications/query-applications-with-label-filter.graphql)
- [query applications](./query-applications/query-applications.graphql)
- [query applications for runtime](./query-applications-for-runtime/query-applications-for-runtime.graphql)
- [query automatic scenario assignment for scenario](./query-automatic-scenario-assignment-for-scenario/query-automatic-scenario-assignment-for-scenario.graphql)
- [query automatic scenario assignments](./query-automatic-scenario-assignments/query-automatic-scenario-assignments.graphql)
- [query automatic scenario assignments for selector](./query-automatic-scenario-assignments-for-selector/query-automatic-scenario-assignments-for-selector.graphql)
- [query bundle](./query-bundle/query-bundle.graphql)
- [query bundles](./query-bundles/query-bundles.graphql)
- [query document](./query-document/query-document.graphql)
- [query documents](./query-documents/query-documents.graphql)
- [query event definition](./query-event-definition/query-event-definition.graphql)
- [query event definitions](./query-event-definitions/query-event-definitions.graphql)
- [query formation](./query-formation/query-formation.graphql)
- [query formation template](./query-formation-template/query-formation-template.graphql)
- [query formation templates](./query-formation-templates/query-formation-templates.graphql)
- [query formations](./query-formations/query-formations.graphql)
- [query integration system](./query-integration-system/query-integration-system.graphql)
- [query integration systems](./query-integration-systems/query-integration-systems.graphql)
- [query label definitions](./query-label-definitions/query-label-definitions.graphql)
- [query runtime](./query-runtime/query-runtime.graphql)
- [query runtime contexts](./query-runtime-contexts/query-runtime-contexts.graphql)
- [query runtimecontext](./query-runtimecontext/query-runtimecontext.graphql)
- [query runtimes with label filter](./query-runtimes/query-runtimes-with-label-filter.graphql)
- [query runtimes with pagination](./query-runtimes/query-runtimes-with-pagination.graphql)
- [query runtimes](./query-runtimes/query-runtimes.graphql)
- [query tenants](./query-tenants/query-tenants.graphql)
- [refetch api spec](./refetch-api-spec/refetch-api-spec.graphql)
- [register application with bundles](./register-application/register-application-with-bundles.graphql)
- [register application with status](./register-application/register-application-with-status.graphql)
- [register application with webhooks](./register-application/register-application-with-webhooks.graphql)
- [register application](./register-application/register-application.graphql)
- [register application from template](./register-application-from-template/register-application-from-template.graphql)
- [register application from template with placeholder payload](./register-application-from-template-with-placeholder-payload/register-application-from-template-with-placeholder-payload.graphql)
- [register integration system](./register-integration-system/register-integration-system.graphql)
- [register runtime with webhooks](./register-runtime/register-runtime-with-webhooks.graphql)
- [register runtime](./register-runtime/register-runtime.graphql)
- [register runtime context](./register-runtime-context/register-runtime-context.graphql)
- [request bundle instance auth creation](./request-bundle-instance-auth-creation/request-bundle-instance-auth-creation.graphql)
- [request bundle instance auth deletion](./request-bundle-instance-auth-deletion/request-bundle-instance-auth-deletion.graphql)
- [set application label](./set-application-label/set-application-label.graphql)
- [set bundle instance auth](./set-bundle-instance-auth/set-bundle-instance-auth.graphql)
- [unassign application from formation](./unassign-formation/unassign-application-from-formation.graphql)
- [unassign runtime context from formation](./unassign-formation/unassign-runtime-context-from-formation.graphql)
- [unassign runtime from formation](./unassign-formation/unassign-runtime-from-formation.graphql)
- [unassign tenant from formation](./unassign-formation/unassign-tenant-from-formation.graphql)
- [unpair application](./unpair-application/unpair-application.graphql)
- [unregister application](./unregister-application/unregister-application.graphql)
- [unregister integration system](./unregister-integration-system/unregister-integration-system.graphql)
- [unregister runtime](./unregister-runtime/unregister-runtime.graphql)
- [update api definition](./update-api-definition/update-api-definition.graphql)
- [update application](./update-application/update-application.graphql)
- [update application template](./update-application-template/update-application-template.graphql)
- [update bundle](./update-bundle/update-bundle.graphql)
- [update event definition](./update-event-definition/update-event-definition.graphql)
- [update formation template](./update-formation-template/update-formation-template.graphql)
- [update integration system](./update-integration-system/update-integration-system.graphql)
- [update label definition](./update-label-definition/update-label-definition.graphql)
- [update runtime](./update-runtime/update-runtime.graphql)
- [update runtime context](./update-runtime-context/update-runtime-context.graphql)
- [update webhook](./update-webhook/update-webhook.graphql)
